Paginated table (#2)
WaterlessPiano2/pagin8: README.md

  - [x] Make the fisrst API call with hardcoded data and show it on console
  - [x] Add type for the API response
  - [x] Store the data in component state and display it in a Material UI (MUI) table
  - [x] Update the table to be a paginated MUI table
  - [x] Make the paginations buttons to be saved in to components state
  - [x] Make the pagination events trigger the data to update
  - [x] Add loading state
  - [ ] Make the pagination events connected to the router (URL): The back button works and on refres page size persists. Because of [This issue](https://github.com/gregnb/mui-datatables/issues/756) I have been un able to change page to the correct one on load. The example solution would only work in class components because it uses Refs. So I can not use this solution in my component without changing it to a class. Then when I change to class, I am unable to use the latest react-router-dom functions. Solution would be to either down grade react-router-dom and use class component or to try [this example](https://material-ui.com/components/pagination/#router-integration)
- [ ] Write some tests
- [x] Convert a functional component to legacy class component

> - [ ] Move the state for page number, page size and the data for the table in to Redux store

Author: ```suggestion
- [x] Move the state for page number, page size and the data for the table into Redux store: This has broke the page size change but as I don't have any time left I am unable to fix it. this should be a quick fix later
```
